# XP Core Value - Feedback - Vaibhav Gupta

## Week 1 (April 6th - April 12th)
 - In our very first week, we have maintained a good habit of giving each other feedbacks. In order to find the most feasible and interesting game, we had to brainstorm game ideas, look through a lot of existing games on Greenfoot, and then give each other feedbacks on the feasibility and uniqness of the game ideas. During our meeting, we have each proposed one favorite game idea, and how we could re-implement it ideally. After each person has finished the proposal, the other group members did not refuse the proposal directly, but we gave each other feedbacks and suggestions.

## Week 2 (April 13th - April 19th)
 - This week when I was playing the 2048 game to get familiar with the flow, I sometimes pressed the wrong direction key so I thought it would be nice to have a mouse control option. I then came up with the idea of implementing the strategy design pattern in which users could choose to either use the direction keys on the keyboard or click on buttons with the mouse in order to move the blocks in 2048. I was very excited so I found direction button images and implemented one of the direction buttons right away. I first talked about this idea with a few group members and showed them a demonstration of the "up" button I added, and some gave me positive feedbacks saying it's a good idea. However another group member gave me a feedback saying it was not an elegant implementation of the strategy pattern. I listened carefully to their feedbacks and decided to take a step back. 

## Week 3 (April 20th - April 26th)
 - After receiving feedbacks from multiple people, I have decided to take their suggestions and not implementing the mouse inputs with the strategy pattern. I shifted my focus to the implementation of the prototype design pattern. In this week, we mostly worked on our own to finish our assigned tasks. But this did not stop us from keeping the XP core value of feedback. For example Dhruvil showed us his implementation of undo functionality in the group chat, and we gave him feedbacks in the chat as well. Other team members have also done the same thing. We all found each other's feedback very helpful as every person has a different perspective. We listened to each other's feedbacks carefully, then think and act on them.

## Week 4 (April 27th - May 3rd)
 - This week mostly we were wrapping up the project and preparing for submission. We could not take feedbacks on the code implementation, because we would not have time to add extra design patterns or user stories at this point. How we kept the feedback value was through the process of preparing the demonstration and making the demo video. He Jiang first made a video on her own and asked us for some feedbacks. We gave her many inputs such as the length, contents, the beginning, effects of the video. She has taken our feedbacks seriously and iterated the video editing with our help. We have also showcased the demo and shared our video with other friends, and have asked feedbacks from them. 