# XP Core Value - Respect - He Jiang

## Week 1 (April 6th - April 12th)
 - In this week, we have first met and introduced ourselves in a team. Although compared to most organizations which adopt XP core values, we are a relatively small team and this team consists of only developers; we still value and respect each other's ideas, input, and passion for the project. When we went back from the first meeting, we have reached an agreement of researching and sharing greenfoot games that we are interested in developing. We have shared our opinions in the group chat, and discussed over each other's ideas. We respected everyone's interest, looked at everyone's favorite game together during a meeting, and voted on the most feasible game that we would want to make. Every person in the team was happy about the decision of the game, and felt respected during the process. 

## Week 2 (April 13th - April 19th)
 - We sat together this week and divided the work to each member. We have discussed multiple times what features / user stories we could implement, and what patterns could fit in the game elegantly. In this planning process, we had a lot of different ideas and also had disagreements. When we had different opinions, we took turns to explain ourselves and paid attention to the others' reasoning. We have raised questions respectfully and resolved the disagreements through explaining to each other. When we divided the tasks, the team members respected each other's interest and choices. 

## Week 3 (April 20th - April 26th)
 - We have started the code implementation of the game in this week. We divided our work and developed design patterns individually. The way we kept the XP core value of respect was to communicate and update our progress through group chat and slack stand-up meetings. When any team member has shown progress or any updates of the project, the rest of the team would respectfully look at the progress or updates, and give him or her positive feedbacks. We not only gave each other constructive suggestions or advice, but also told each other "good job" and appreciated the efforts.

## Week 4 (April 27th - May 3rd)
 - This week is the last week of the project. We have tested the code functionality and finalized the project. We sat together for a retrospective meeting. During the meeting, we reflected on our project and also checked together to make sure we have accomplished all the tasks. For wrapping up some of the tasks, we had a discussion and divided the works. Shivani took the responsibility of noting the final tasks down and sending in a group chat. The rest of the team appreciated her effort and were happy to accomplish the tasks, because our interest and passion were respected.